So I am working on building. So many people are painting. With that experience, I'm seeing how AI is behaving and the traditional way of using a programming language. Let's see C++, Java, Python, and all the stuff. So now to the real question. These are all my thoughts. Okay. Now the real thing, which is coming into my mind again and again, is what I'm seeing and observing while working with the AI and the claim that it's making, that it's going to take over job roles. I use this AI to automate security fixes. I use AI to build stuff, so basically I use AI to write code versus the traditional way of directly writing code. And the third thing is a good way of integrating AI in software development, where some decisions are taken by the AI and then the process is programmatical or whatever it is. So what I'm observing in the third one is that we're giving everything to the agents. We do the inputs, and we're expecting the output from them. Yeah, there's nothing wrong with this new way of coding or doing stuff or building workflows. But what I'm saying is it's not giving you the same results again and again. Okay, so as it is non-deterministic, and you have defined the rules, but at first, it gives you the perfect result. You give it one input, and it gives you the perfect result. But when you run it subsequently, you find another issue. It may skip some instructions, which will cause you to review the output and improve the agent. So as it is non-deterministic, you never know if it's going to give you the same output or a similar output again and again or not. Whereas if I write a program in JavaScript or Python, simply it is going to forever give me the same result for the same input no matter what gets changed; it is never going to give me a different result. But it's not the same with AI, and with that, we keep improving, giving the agent again and again, and adding graduates and instructions to keep it to the same expected behavior. So even if we achieve this thing, the other major problem, which is not in your control, is. So imagine we are seeing the practices of the AI who owns the AI today, who has the best frontier models like products, cloud. We saw their practices of making their model dumb. They make, when they launch new models, they make their older model dumb and they force you to go to the next model or the higher model. But the problem with AI is you wrote your code optimized to suppose you use on it and you use the medium level efficiency or effort and you did all your optimization in that. Now, if suddenly you increase the effort level, you will start seeing your same agent will start repeating mistakes or start introducing new ones. Again, this is the, this is still in your control. What if the same model is now made by the AI companies? Now all your written automation or workflow is on task. So as it gets them, you will need to add more instructions to it. This is never has to happen with the traditional way of coding. This is the real problem I am seeing currently with AI, and what the tech leaders are promising with AI is different, but this is on-ground issue that I am seeing. And the first thing, So, how will the AI sustain? This is my thought. What are your thoughts? Do you feel the same or do you feel a difference? Have you ever noticed such issues? What do you do? So, you ended up with the main project I mentioned. I wrote the automation with the agents, and now it's in the job. It's pretty cool and awesome, but the pain point is, I need to keep upgrading my instructions and rules to get the desired output, which is the side reality if it were a programmatic automation. I have to turn it once, and I'll get the same output. I'll get the same output always until I add a new feature to it. I need to support it, and I can forget it. But with agents, I am not able to forget it. I am constantly working on it.
